# The background
Mathematically, the calibration problem of the volatility model is an inverse problem of determining the model parameters. Through calibration, the derivative product price calculated by the model is consistent with the market price of the product. Since the constant volatility assumption in the Black-Scholes model [5] cannot reflect the volatility smile and term structure of volatility observed in the market, in the past few decades, researchers have been trying to calibrate the market with richer volatility models, including stochastic local volatility models and models with jumps.

# The components

Under the stochastic local volatility model, the volatility of the underlying asset is expressed as the product of a local volatility function and a random process, that is, the local volatility model and the stochastic volatility model are combined to include the advantages of both while eliminating their respective shortcomings. For the stochastic local volatility model, scholars have proposed relevant calibration methods. It is usually divided into two steps. First, the pure random process part is calibrated. The previous method mainly parameterizes this part and optimizes the constant parameters in the model by solving the nonlinear least squares problem; then the local volatility function in the model is calibrated. Using the results of Derman Kani[20], the local volatility function can be expressed as an expression related to conditional expectations, and then solved by Monte Carlo or partial differential equations, but the specific form depends on first calibrating the local volatility model.
